Document truly transactional emails v2 feature (#723)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/configuration/settings.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale on

```

Reviewer: Tidy up the indentations to fix the vale on/off statements that don't do their thing.

```suggestion
.. vale off

* **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time: day, week, or month. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or via the **Preference Center** setting.

.. vale on

.. image:: images/default-frequency-rule.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: Screenshot showing Default Frequency Rule Configuration in Mautic

.. note:: 

   More information is available in the :doc:`Default Frequency Rule documentation </contacts/frequency_rules>`.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale on

```

Default frequency rule
======================

> .. vale off
> 
> * **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time: day, week, or month. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or via the **Preference Center** setting.
> 
> .. vale on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale Mautic.FeatureList = NO

* **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time: day, week, or month. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or via the **Preference Center** setting.

.. vale Mautic.FeatureList = YES
```

> .. vale Mautic.FeatureList = YES

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss address the suggestion and let me know why vale keeps giving warning despite of the vale off/on statements.

```suggestion
.. vale off

* **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time: day, week, or month. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or via the **Preference Center** setting.

.. vale on
```

Default frequency rule
======================

.. vale off

> * **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time day, week, month. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or by Preference Center setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time: day, week, or month. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or via the **Preference Center** setting.
```

Default frequency rule
======================

> * **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time day, week, month. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or by Preference Center setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off

* **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time day, week, month. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or by Preference Center setting.
```

Default frequency rule
======================

.. vale off

> * **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time: day, week, or month. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or via the **Preference Center** setting.

Reviewer: @escopecz I have a question.

I tried this locally and I'd like to know: how to adjust **Send to unsubscribed contacts** at the individual level manually?

Regarding via the **Preference Center** setting, is it correct to set it from the "Contact Preference Center" as the screenshot below?

<img width="1262" height="829" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/965ea238-d026-46a9-bf7a-765203e25835" />

Reviewer 2: I think the paragraph should be reformulated. When it states:

> You can adjust this

Then the `this` refers to:

> This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time: day, week, or month.

Not to

> Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit.

The **Send to unsubscribed contacts** is configured on each email entity. Not in the preference center. Perhaps this sentence should be added at the end of the paragraph?

> * **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time: day, week, or month. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or via the **Preference Center** setting. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit.

Reviewer: As the previous review, update this with below information:

> The Send to unsubscribed contacts is configured on each email entity. Not in the preference center.

.. vale on

.. image:: images/default-frequency-rule.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: Screenshot showing Default Frequency Rule Configuration in Mautic

.. note::

>    More information is available in the :doc:`Default Frequency Rule documentation </contacts/frequency_rules>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. vale off
   
   More information is available in the :doc:`Default Frequency Rule documentation </contacts/frequency_rules>`.
   
   .. vale on
```

Default frequency rule
======================

.. vale off

> * **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time: day, week, or month. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or via the **Preference Center** setting. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit. You configure **Send to unsubscribed contacts** on each Email entity, not in the Preference Center.

Reviewer: @escopecz this is what Promptless came up with the update. I'm still not sure if this is correct.

Reviewer: Would this capture the intention? Also, I still don't understand how to adjust the limit manually in the individual Contact level and the difference with adjust it on the Contact Preference Center.

```suggestion
* * **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This option limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time: day, week, or month. You can adjust this limit at the individual Contact level, either manually or via the **Contact Preference Center** setting. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled in the individual Email settings don't count towards this limit.
```

@promptless-for-oss don't change anything yet. Wait for reply from @escopecz.

Reviewer 2: Yes, that is correct.

> * **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time: day, week, or month. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or via the **Preference Center** setting. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit. You configure **Send to unsubscribed contacts** on each Email entity, not in the Preference Center.

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss as this is for user docs, we want to change "entity" to be clear for general reader.

 
```suggestion
* **Do Not Contact more than <number> each <period>** - This limits the number of Emails a Contact receives in a certain period of time: day, week, or month. You can adjust this at the individual Contact level, either manually or via the **Preference Center** setting. Emails with **Send to unsubscribed contacts** enabled don't count towards this limit. You configure **Send to unsubscribed contacts** directly within each Email's settings, not in the **Preference Center**.
```

  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Unsubscribe Settings Configuration in Mautic

* **Text for the {unsubscribe_text} token** -  Like the ``{webview_text}`` token,  this allows you to customize the **Unsubscribe** link.

  For example - Edit between the ``<a href="|URL|">`` and ``</a>`` tags. Don't change the URL as it's tokenized. If you add ``{unsubscribe_url}`` as a token in the Email, you won't see this text.

> * **Disable unsubscribe link in header** - Select **Yes** to prevent Mautic from adding unsubscribe headers to Emails. When set to **No** (the default), Mautic automatically includes RFC 8058-compliant ``List-Unsubscribe`` and ``List-Unsubscribe-Post`` headers in Emails where **Send to unsubscribed contacts** is disabled. These headers enable one-click unsubscribe functionality in Email clients that support this feature, such as Gmail and Apple Mail.

Reviewer: There are a few things here:

- Use dash instead of parantheses.
- Change Gmail to GMail.
- Use active instead of passive voice.

> * **Disable unsubscribe link in header** - Select **Yes** to prevent Mautic from adding unsubscribe headers to Emails. When set to **No** - the default - Mautic automatically includes RFC 8058-compliant ``List-Unsubscribe`` and ``List-Unsubscribe-Post`` headers in Emails where you disable **Send to unsubscribed contacts**. Email clients that support this feature - such as GMail and Apple Mail - use these headers to display one-click unsubscribe functionality.

Reviewer: There are a couple of things to address Vale warnings:

- Use 'capability' or 'feature' instead of 'functionality'.
- List RFC in the accept.txt file.

  :width: 600
  :alt: Screenshot showing Unsubscribe Settings Configuration in Mautic

> * **Text for the {unsubscribe_text} token** -  Like the ``{webview_text}`` token,  this allows you to customize the **Unsubscribe** link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off

* **Text for the {unsubscribe_text} token** -  Like the ``{webview_text}`` token,  this allows you to customize the **Unsubscribe** link.
```
